---
layout: default
---

I used to use my website as a place for experimentation. I learned how to become a better web designer by forcing myself to over and over to produce something both creative and fun. At the time I wanted to push the limits of what I could do in the browser. I started designing things in the browser I started working with all sorts of typography, layouts and design. Seeing what would work on the web and what wouldn’t. I had a lot of fun a grew a lot. Since then this space has become static dull and uncared for. I want that to change. I want it to go back to what it once was. Though I want a slight twist on it. I don’t want it to be a visual exploration I want it to be a written exploration.

You see for the longest time I haven’t been great at writing. I’m pretty terrible in fact. I’ve always found it to be a hurtle for me with most things in life. It’s hard to communicate design decisions and thoughts well when you can’t write well. I’ve tried keeping a private journal in the hopes that if I write almost every day I will get better. Without anyone looking at it I tend to go weeks without writing and I get no feedback on what it is I am writing. If I’m going to learn I need to be accountable for not writing and I like to have people look over it to tell me what I am doing right and what I am doing wrong.

So now I expect to write in the open on this site as often as possible. I’d like to keep some of the habits that I have formed when writing privately. At the end of each day I usually have a bunch of thoughts and ideas that I write down. I’m going to do that and post them in the morning.
